TARGET: Hooray, you have decrypted the target text. you have finished the assignment. hope you had fun.

1. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you are in a better frame of mind.

2. Given one msg and ciphertext, there is already one key that maps the msg to that ciphertext.

3. An attacker intercepts a particular ciphertext, let's call it c, if attacker knows that the initial part of msg happens to be a known value by prior knowledge, attacker will know the prefix of the pseudo random random sequence.

4. This course introduces cryptographic primitives and how they are implemented in applications. Topics covered include: symmetric-key encryption algorithms, public key encryption, digital signatures, and message integrity.

5. Diffie and hellman introduced the concept of public key cryptography. the mathematical "trick" of diffie-hellman key exchange is that it is relatively easy to compute exponents compared to computing discrete logarithms.

6. The mainstream cryptographic community has long held that DES's 56-bit key was too short to withstand a brute-force attack from modern computers. Remember Moore's Law: computer power doubles every 18 months. Given that increase in power, a key that could withstand a brute-force guessing attack in 1975 could hardly be expected to withstand the same attack a quarter century later.

7. In general, public key cryptography systems use hard-to-solve problems as the basis of the algorithm. The most predominant algorithm today for public key cryptography is rsa, based on the prime factors of very large integers.

8. Regardless of the mathematical theory behind an algorithm, the best algorithms are those that are well-known and well-documented because they are also well-tested and well-studied.

9. Secret key cryptography methods employ a single key for both encryption and decryption.

10. A block cipher is so-called because the scheme encrypts one block of data at a time using the same key on each block.
